Pr devel refactor (#243)
kike-canaries/canairio_sensorlib: README.md

#### DFRobot Gravity gas sensors

- **Library (manufacturer):** [DFRobot_MultiGasSensor](https://github.com/DFRobot/DFRobot_MultiGasSensor) — the PlatformIO dependency is in `unified-lib-deps.ini` pointing to that repository.
- **Fixed I²C addresses (group 7):**  
  | Sensor | Address | Reference |
  |--------|-----------|------------|
  | CO     | 0x78      | SEN0466    |
  | O₃     | 0x79      | SEN0472    |
  | NH₃    | 0x7A      | SEN0469    |
  | NO₂    | 0x7B      | SEN0471    |
- **Custom addresses:** any address can be overridden via `build_flags`, e.g.:  
  `build_flags = -D DFROBOT_CO_I2C_ADDR=0x74`
- **Preheating:** the wiki recommends **>5 min** at power-on (and up to 24 h if the sensor has been idle for a long time).
- **Compensation:** the library applies its own temperature and pressure compensation using external sensors (BME280, etc.) or the DFRobot's own internal temperature if no external sensor is available.

> NoiseSensor auto-detection uses the same I2C bus as the rest of the sensors (Wire) and is only available on ESP32-C3, ESP32-S2 and ESP32-S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NoiseSensor auto-detection uses the same I2C bus as the rest of the sensors (Wire) and is available on all boards supported by the sensorlib.
```

- [x] Exposed public sub-libraries objects, sps30, aht10, etc.
- [x] Added old DHT sensors
- [x] Added CO2 sensors: MHZ19, SCD30, CM1106 via UART
- [x] Added SDS011 particle meter
- [x] BME680 support
- [x] Added Sensirion SPS30 and Panasonic SN-GCJA5 via i2c
- [x] Enable/Disable UART detection for force only i2c
- [x] Temperature and Altitude compensation
- [x] SenseAir S8 via UART support
- [x] Multivariable selection (getNextUnit(), getUnitName(), etc)
- [x] Two I2C channel supported for M5Stack Devices (M5StickC tested)
- [x] Added CO, NO2 and NH3 sensors
- [x] Added Geiger sensor support

> - [ ] New IKEA VINDSTYRKA device support

Reviewer: It is supported like SEN5x from sensirion
